welcome to our return to the rainbow
studio here as part of the Yahowah blog
I’m your host Craig Winn and this handsome
fellow here he is the wookie we are
about to begin a new chapter as part
of our series uh exposing and condemning
Paul Christianity
and the Christian New Testament.
We could, of course,
play fetch with Wookie.
I think that would please him no end.
It is one of the most thankless jobs
on earth to reveal to people that their
religion has no credibility.
And in the case of Christianity,
it doesn't.
Paul was an utter nincompoop.
He
flunked every facet of logic.
He constantly contradicted himself.
He was ego-maniacal.
He was literally a psychopath in terms of
his nature.
He is the person who invented Jesus.
Christians don't know that because
Eusebius,
under Constantine's authorization,
reordered the
and conceived these gospels that are
presented in front of Paul's letters.
And yet the first two of them,
in fact, first three of them,
are all the gospel according to Paul.
First, Mark and Luke were Paul's pals.
They were Paul's attaches.
They traveled with him.
And in Acts, we even read that...
Paul wanted Mark brought to him because he
knew he could use him to create this
gospel.
And he did.
And Luke, of course, mostly copied Mark.
who was not an eyewitness to anything and
most certainly wasn't inspired by God.
And then he added a bunch of fables,
almost bringing in pagan myths of Odysseus
and Dionysus to spice up the result in
Grecian style.
Then you have Matthew, which was written,
well,
Mark and Luke were written around
seventy-five CE in Rome,
ten years after Paul's death.
Matthew wasn't written until ninety-five
CE,
again by somebody who had no contact
whatsoever with the events in thirty-three
CE.
It is a book of nothing but plagiarism.
plagiarizes almost eighty percent of Mark
and Luke, and then adds from the Ebyownym.
Then the Ebyownym were Jews who wrote in
Hebrew,
and they are the ones who supplied both
the Sermon on the Mount and the Olivet
Discourse,
and they were actually recording David,
not the mythical Jesus.
Those books were put in front of the
Fourteen Letters of Paul.
There's also the Book of John.
I have no idea who wrote it.
It was also written in ninety five C.E.
It was written someplace and and around
Ephesus and modern day Turkey again.
no credibility to the book at all.
There's no basis for believing that it was
written by a quasi-disciple and no proof
of its validity.
Plus the fact you're dealing with
something that was written at least six
decades after the events took place.
It's absurd.
I mean,
if you think that there was a disciple
named John, no J, by the way,
until the seventeenth century,
but be that as it may, no,
there was a disciple named John telling
the life of a Jesus, again,
the first time that Jesus' name is even
written is in the seventeenth century,
that waited six decades to
Sixty years before he would jot down
anything that was said,
and then he would do so by translating
all Hebrew conversations into Greek.
Three generations after these events took
place in a country far removed from
Yahuwdah.
I mean...
if you think that is the case and
provide absolute no evidence of authorship
then you're out of your mind but you
know that's what the religious are and you
have to then deal with the fact that
there isn't even a copy of it for
another hundred years after that fact and
that the most quoted story,
let he who was without sin cast the
first stone with the adulterous woman,
that whole story,
that didn't actually appear until the
eighth century.
The eighth century.
And so this is just ludicrous to believe
that the Gospels are eyewitness accounts
of a life of a person named Jesus,
because there was no Jesus in first
century Yahuwdah,
which was the name of the Roman province.
None.
Not only wasn't there a person named
Jesus,
not only is Christ a Greek title and
not a Hebrew one,
almost everything that is claimed about
said Jesus was stolen from Dowd and is
contrary to what God said about Dowd.
To believe that Jesus is a God and
that Jesus is the Messiah and Jesus is
the Son of God and that Jesus is
your Savior,
you have to call God a liar.
Not my opinion.
That's just an irrefutable fact.
Read the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
In the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms,
it is absolutely clear, according to God,
that David is the former and returning
king.
That David is our savior.
That David is the chosen one.
That he is the Messiah.
That he is the...
son of god and to claim otherwise is
to call god a liar and how in
the world do you create a religion that
is predicated on calling god a liar and
you have two point five people that
believe that rot but that was the rot
that Paul brought upon the world starting
in fifty two c e the first fourteen
books of the christian new testament were
all written by him
And he was among the most nefarious
fellows who ever lived.
In the second letter he wrote to Corinth,
he even admitted that he was demon
possessed.
Read it.
Deal with it.
In his conversion experience,
he can't keep his story straight.
The single most important moment of his
life, allegedly,
and he can't keep it straight.
He has three entirely different versions
of what took place.
How can it be the inerrant word of
God when the words themselves are
contradictory?
The whole thing is pure and utter
nonsense.
If there was a Jesus,
can you please tell me, or a Christ,
or a church, or a Christian,
or a cross, or a Trinity,
or a Christmas, or an Easter,
all of the essential things of
Christianity, including Sunday worship,
why isn't there a single reference
anywhere in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms?
to Jesus, to Christ, to church,
to Christian, to Christianity, to a cross,
to Christmas, to Easter, to a Trinity,
to any of these things.
Not one word.
There's no reference to a New Testament.
There's no reference to a gospel.
There's no reference to baptism.
And all of the references to Paul by
his given name, Sha'uwl,
condemn him as the plague of death.
And you want to say that this is
a religion inspired by God?
I know the Christians will say the entire
Old Testament,
it serves as the collective prophecy
pointing to the arrival of Jesus Christ.
No, it doesn't.
I mean, to believe that you're saying,
I am really stupid.
I am ignorant as hell.
I don't believe any lie that I'm told
because my lies make me feel good.
There isn't a single reference.
Prove me wrong.
I'll give you a billion dollars if you
can prove me wrong.
There isn't a single reference to Jesus in
the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
There is no reference to a Christ in
There's no reference to Christianity.
There's no reference to a church.
There's no reference to a Trinity.
None of this.
It's all a lie.
And that lie was perpetrated primarily by
one man, Paul.
And we are considering his first letter.
A letter which Yahowah,
through the prophet Chabaquwq,
six hundred and sixty-six years before
Paul would scribe it,
told us that Paul was the plague of
death.
So do you believe God or do you
believe Paul?
God says, don't.
David is the Messiah, the chosen one,
the returning and former king, our savior.
And Paul says, it's Jesus.
Now,
there's a lot of proof that Yahowah's right
and that don't existed.
There is no proof that Jesus ever existed.
Who do you think is telling you the
truth?
Paul or God?
And by the way,
you can't win this argument because if
Paul's right, then God's wrong.
But Paul claims that he was authorized by
the God who he is calling a liar.
I mean, think it through people.
It's obvious that the Christian New
Testament is a complete and utter fraud.
Why is it that after all of this
time,
I'm the first person to be this blunt
with you on this and say he made
up Jesus.
Jesus is nothing but a crude counterfeit.
He is the product of identity theft.
Paul stole the nature personality of Jesus
from three individuals.
Dowd, the primary one.
Dowd is the Messiah.
Dowd is the chosen one.
Dowd is the son of God.
Dowd is the one who was crucified in
his second of three lives to fulfill
Passover.
Primarily Dowd.
That's why Paul begins and acts by telling
us Dowd is dead and buried,
excluded from heaven.
The reason he says that is because
he must steal every prophecy that pertains
to Dowd because there are no prophecies of
Jesus and he knows it.
So all he can do to create any
illusion that there were prophecies
pertaining to Jesus is steal the ones that
were pertaining
to go David and if you're a rabbi
or you are a practitioner of Judaism and
you're hearing these words what in the
hell is wrong with you why did it
take a goy after two thousand years to
figure this out and tell it to you
when it should be obvious the prophecies
were revealed in your language they were
revealed by fellow Jews and they're
obvious and it's life and death for your
people
The Holocaust would not have happened had
you confronted this lie.
In fact,
if rabbis had not trained Paul to do
what he did,
to misappropriate the word of God,
to erase Yahowah's name,
and to misrepresent him,
Christianity and the New Testament would
never exist.
And if rabbis had stood up at this
time and said, you know, Dowd, as Gabriel,
God's most courageous and capable man,
told us,
through Daniel,
way back in five fifty five B.C.E.,
that very day he would arrive as the
Messiah to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym.
He told us in the twenty second Psalm
how he would be crucified in his
fulfillment of Passover.
He told us that his soul, Nepesh,
would carry our guilt into Sheowl to enable
the benefits of Matsah.
leading to Bikuwrym.
And he told us all of that a
thousand years before he endured it.
And then there's no Christianity.
There's no Jesus.
The lie is never promulgated.
Rome doesn't have a license to destroy
Israel again.
There is no Bar Kochba uprising.
There is no Rabbi Akiba creating Judaism
as a way of holding off the diabolical
nature of Paul's religion.
None of it happens.
None of it.
All of this hell that has been unleashed
upon you in the last two thousand years
is because you didn't confront evil and
you actually aided and abetted it.
You can go so far with the rabbis
of also acknowledging,
which I prove in the series called Goddamn
Religion.
that rabbis sold their Talmud stories to
Muhammad to make the Quran seem like a
religious book.
And without them selling those Talmud
stories to Muhammad,
the Quran doesn't exist.
Islam is not a religion.
No one's ever heard of Allah or Muhammad.
And all of the terror,
the hundreds of millions of lives that
have been lost over the last fourteen
centuries don't happen had the rabbis not
done that.
They are your worst enemy.
And Paul was the first person to call
himself a rabbi.
So every bit of it's a lie.
The first fourteen books of the Christian
New Testament were authored by one man,
the man who admitted that he was
demon-possessed,
the man who broke every rational fallacy
there is,
the man who constantly contradicted
himself,
the man who contradicted God while
claiming he spoke for God.
And guess what?
this buffoon who claims that he was the
lone authorization of his imaginary Iosu
christu Jesus Christ oh really then I’m
sure he was the one who introduced us
to the great sayings of Iosu christu then
wasn't he um are you aware that he
never once quoted him never once it is
so utterly stupid
To believe that God chose this repulsive
man, Paul,
to contradict everything he had said and
authorized him as the lone agent to the
world after speaking through forty
prophets and telling the exact opposite
message.
He said, oh, well,
this idiot here will have him contradict
everything.
Sure.
Oh,
and then I'm going to believe that this
Iosu Christo,
who is there is zero evidence that he
ever existed.
None.
That this Iosu Christo also authorized him
when he never once cites a single word
from him.
You know why he doesn't quote anything
from Gospel Jesus?
Because Gospel Jesus wouldn't exist until
ten years after he was dead.
That's why.
The first two Gospels were written ten
years after Paul's death.
Couldn't quote him, he didn't exist.
Oh my,
what a horrible web of deceit Christianity
is woven upon.
And all the while, Christians claim to be,
that's my God.
Oh,
my God's gonna come get you if you're
speaking against my God.
Then you're an evil man,
you must be Satan.
Okay, come on, idiots.
God is not a man.
If your God is so small that he
is a man,
you got a one really weak, puny,
ridiculous, comical God.
God cannot be killed by men.
that you claim yours was.
And your solution is bodily resurrection,
which is going the wrong direction.
What you have to do is get rid
of these physical bodies.
If you are going to become immortal,
if you're going to become liberated,
enlightened, enabled, empowered,
so that you can leave this planet and
go to the spiritual realm,
you have to get rid of these physical
bodies.
You don't go from death back into a
body.
It is pagan.
It is absurd.
It's ludicrous.
You got nothing.
Really, you got nothing.
Give it up.
Stop parroting the lies.
Accept the truth.
How many times did Paul write that he
was speaking for Yahowah?
Zero.
He doesn't even use Yahowah's name.
Is there any book that is inspired by
Yahowah who happens to be God and that's
his one and only name that is actually
inspired by Yahowah?
The Towrah?
Every book that is inspired by Yahowah
contains Yahowah's name.
There's not a single mention of Yahowah's
name in the Christian New Testament.
So guess who didn't inspire it?
Yahowah didn't inspire it.
There you go.
It took two thousand years for somebody to
even question it.
And when they finally questioned it,
that's where you popped in?
It is pathetic.
Now,
if you want verification of everything I'm
sharing with you,
go check out the five volumes of
Twistianity.
They are free in their entirety at
YadaYah.com.
No one has ever read those five volumes
to remain a Christian.
It's impossible.
I don't know how you get through the
first volume and still be a Christian.
I'm not even sure you can get through
the first chapter of the first volume and
remain a Christian.
But it's for damn sure you can't get
through the five volumes and remain a
Christian.
The evidence brought against Christianity
is undeniable.
It is overwhelming.
And you're welcome.
You're welcome, really.
I know that Christians say, oh,
you're hateful, you're terrible,
you're satanic, you're demonic,
you're an idiot.
I know more about your religion than any
of you do.
I know more about Paul.
I know more about the God that he
claimed that he spoke for than any of
you do.
I've written thirty five books translating
the oldest manuscripts,
the Dead Sea Scrolls in an amplified
fashion and explaining what God told us.
And I compared it to what is in
the Christian New Testament.
And they never match.
They're always oil and water.
They're the opposites of one another.
They're the antithesis of one another.
That's how I proved that the New Testament
isn't true.
I set its claims next to what God
said.
And every time that a New Testament author
cites something from the Towrah and
prophets,
they always pull it out of context.
They always truncate it.
They always misrepresent it.
And they always draw the opposite
conclusion from it that the statement
actually revealed.
Not some of the time,
all of the time.
It was exceedingly easy to disprove the
New Testament.
And I did it a thousand times over
in those books.
You can take advantage of what I have
discovered and save yourself from it
because at the end of your life,
you will find you completely wasted it.
If you believed in the lies of
Christianity,
Or you can ignore it.
That's your choice.
But if you promote it,
you need to know there's a hell of
a consequence associated with that.
And that consequence is a short trip to
Sheowl.
Paul absolutely unequivocally is in the
place that is synonymous with his name.
Sha'uwl is Sheowl.
So although the words Paulos selected to
take in on their own merits provide
convincing proof that the scheme he was
proposing was entirely nefarious,
since the accusation that I am continually
leveling against him would make him the
most revolting, despicable,
appalling man in all of human history,
well, at least up to Trump.
I would like to share something germane
from this man's sixth letter,
the one that he wrote to the Romans.
It is appropriate.
And the reason I say up to the
point of Trump, yeah,
there's been a lot of people since Paul
that were horrible.
Up to this point,
Paul has been the man most hated by
God.
The second would be Muhammad,
but Paul is the man most hated by
God.
based upon what he says in the prophets,
based upon his claims,
based upon what he has done to the
Jewish people.
There are others that God despises.
Rabbi Akiba,
Maimonides are example of people he hates.
Hadrian, Titus, Vespasian,
all examples of people God hates.
Eusebius would make that list.
He is the one who authored most of
the means of taking
these dishonest accounts and hearsay and
weaving them together in a collective
whole and augmenting them and then putting
them under the political influence of
Imperial Rome to create the Roman Catholic
Church.
So Eusebius,
he's going to be up there amongst the
most nefarious people hated by God.
And there have been a lot of people
since that time.
Genghis Khan,
Tamerlane would be examples of that.
Clearly Mao Zedong, Stalin, Hitler.
But the single most hated individual
by God is the one that is manifest
before our eyes right now, Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is Satan incarnate.
He is going to do more that is
harmful to the world than anyone before
him.
And I have proven that Donald Trump is
the person that Christians have
searched for as the Antichrist.
He is, there was no Christ,
so I don't know how you can be
Antichrist,
but certainly Trump is anti-Mashyach
because Dowd is the Mashyach and he is
opposed to everything that Dowd
represents.
So the title seems to fit nonetheless.
And it's interesting that we're going to
go right now to the Romans,
the letter that Paul wrote to the Romans,
which is his Magnum Opus.
And that is because in it,
he makes the claim that is the antithesis
of God's claim.
And Samuel,
when the judge who became the prophet,
Shamuw’el, he was Dowd's contemporary.
When
He was guiding the people.
The people of Israel did what they did
best.
They revolted.
And that's something they do regularly.
And they wanted to have a Gowym style
king.
They wanted to be ruled by.
over by a Gowym in terms of kingship.
They wanted to follow in the ways of
the goy and they chose Sha'uwl,
who is the prototype for the Sha'uwl that
wrote the Christian New Testament.
And so
Sha'uwl or Shamuw’el comes to Yahowah and said,
I have let you down.
I have failed you.
I'm trying to guide the people as a
Shaphat, as a judge,
one exercising good judgment.
And they have chosen to reject what I'm
doing and to choose a king in the
style of the Gentiles.
Then Yahowah says, no,
they haven't reject you.
They're rejecting me.
My people are rejecting me.
They've been doing it ever since they were
conceived as Yisrael,
going back to Abraham and Yitschaq and
Jacob.
And thereafter,
particularly during the Exodus,
where they were completely obnoxious.
But it is interesting because, of course,
not only did Yahowah at that time
give us twelve reasons that we should not
be political.
God is exceedingly anti-political.
He told Shamuw’el to tell the Israelites
that by choosing a king in the style
of Gentile nations to rule over them,
these are the twelve things that are going
to happen to you,
and they're all horrible.
And it talks about
them doing the very things that we see
Donald Trump doing now,
getting a group of people around him that
he bribes and who bribe him,
and that they work as a collective whole
to advance their fuhrer's,
the leader's agenda.
And it's done entirely through dishonesty
and bribes.
Then he says he's going to steal your
sons and is going to use them for
war because he wants to covet what belongs
to others, a la Donald Trump.
He then says he's going to tax you.
Take Trump's tariffs, for example,
and take from you your wealth because he
wants it.
Then it says that he will use what
he steals from you and your productivity
to build ever more warm machines.
And then he will use your sons to
drive them.
And it goes on and on talking about
what...
human governance brings.
And it describes what we're witnessing
today and we've witnessed all through
human civilized history.
So that's a way of introducing Romans
because it says the opposite of what God
says.
It's one of the reasons you can say
for certain
that Paul did not speak for God.
So he was speaking either for himself or
for another spirit.
And since he acknowledges the spirit that
he was speaking for in the final chapter
of second Corinthians, being Satan,
It's not hard to figure out how we
came up with this notion.
So in this particular discussion,
it begins in clever fashion,
although in an arrogant and condescending
manner.
It deploys the logical fallacy known as
the straw man.
Before I share it,
it's important that you know that the
Towrah provides very few instructions
regarding marriage.
because that's the straw man he's going to
base this on.
It reveals that men and women come
together and they do so to bear and
raise children.
There is no description of marriage in the
Towrah.
There is no marriage vows in the Towrah.
There's no tokens of a marriage like a
ceremony or a ring in the Towrah.
There is no until death do we part
in the Towrah.
Matter of fact, the Towrah says,
if you don't like each other,
you write a letter and you're separated
and it's all done.
Just write a letter, say, you know,
I'm not happy with you anymore and it's
over, go away.
So God's got no issue with divorce.
Spiritual divorce, religious divorce,
different story.
Religious adultery, yeah, that's not good.
God has nothing to say about promiscuity
or sexual relations in or out of marriage
because there is no definition of
marriage.
Nor does he give two hoots whether or
not you have one spouse or ten spouses.
Doesn't care.
Those are the things that the religious
are obsessed about.
That is correct.
That is all a religious concoction,
largely as a result of the imposition of
Christianity.
So it reveals that men and women simply
come together to bear and raise children.
That's our purpose if we wish to be
married.
I speak of Leah as my wife,
not because of some ceremony,
not because of some ring,
not because of some vows,
but because we are together as a family.
We live together as family.
which you would describe as husband and
wife.
We love one another and we have built
this home together and we work
cooperatively together as part of Yahowah's
covenant family.
And our children happen to be members of
the covenant family.
Now, while it speaks,
Yahowah does in the Towrah about adultery,
it is not in the sense of having
more than one wife or husband.
It is instead that God does not want
us to be whoring around with false gods.
Further,
while the Towrah speaks against incest,
pedophilia, rape, bestiality,
and prostitution,
it does not say anything about sex outside
of marriage.
There is some guidance regarding a woman's
menstrual period,
and it's because of her health,
both mental health,
and because it can be a little bit
of a crabby period,
and not the woman's fault.
It's just a little separation during that
period, a little kindness in that regard.
It's probably a good thing.
You go to your tent,
he stays in his tent during that period,
and you don't want the blood going...
I don't want to go back into the...
physiological issues here,
but God gives some wise advice.
And he says also,
you must be compassionate to a slave
woman.
You cannot treat a woman like she is
just a sex object for you to rape.
As for divorce, as I mentioned,
it is simple as writing a letter and
separating.
The lone rule regarding divorce says that
a woman remarries and divorces again,
the first husband cannot have her back.
Beyond this,
there is a non-binding recommendation on
how a man can assist his brother's widow
in the case of a childless marriage.
Now, against that backdrop,
Sha'uwl Paul opined, or alternatively,
are you presently ignorant, brothers?
Knowing and understanding
than the Towrah,
he's claiming to be an expert on the
Towrah.
He's not.
I say that the Towrah is like a
Lord and master ruling over the man for
however long and to whatever degree that
he lives.
This is Paul's theme.
The Towrah is a cruel taskmaster.
It's a lord.
It's a master.
What's amazing, of course,
is he will call his man-god a lord.
Doesn't seem the conflict in that.
Using the same word, by the way,
by derivation of curios.
So he'll call his mythical god-man a lord.
But when it comes to the Towrah,
lord is bad.
When it comes to his mythical god-man,
lord is good.
Now,
I would call that a fallacy or hypocrisy
or whatever you want to call it.
But anyway,
his idea is that Towrah bad because it
lords over people.
What he's inferring is that the Towrah is
a book of laws.
But if you read God's definition of Towrah,
he says it's based upon the verb yara.
Yara does not mean law.
Doesn't mean laws.
It means guidance, teaching, inspection,
instructions, and directions.
Those aren't laws.
The Towrah is not comprised of laws.
It does not lord over.
In fact,
you know how many Hebrew words there are
for obey?
Zero.
Not a single Hebrew word for obey.
The word that is rendered obey in your
Bible is shema, and it means to listen.
Sorry.
So,
He has misrepresented the Towrah from the
onset.
The Towrah is a means of teaching and
guiding us.
What Yahowah says about the Towrah is that
you either will observe my Towrah and
capitalize on what I am teaching and
guiding you on my Towrah,
or you're not going to live.
It is the source of life.
He gave you a life.
You can choose to ignore the Towrah.
You can do what Paul did and demean
the Towrah.
But if you do so,
then you have squandered the gifts of the
Towrah,
which are
the covenant and the ability to live
beyond your mortal existence and enter
God's presence.
So if you forego that,
if you speak against the plan that God
has articulated that will reconcile our
relationship, make us immortal,
not guilty,
adopted into his covenant family,
enriched and empowered through the
covenant, the Beryth,
through the Mowedym,
the restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony and these annual appointments,
should you capitalize upon them,
you will live forever and you are
liberated.
The very first thing that God says on
the first item that he etched on the
first tablet of stone is that he's a
liberator.
The first thing he says about when he
returns and there are no more religious
people on the planet,
that he will never have to hear the
title Lord again.
He hates it.
Yahowah is a liberator.
He is not a master or oppressor.
Yahowah is the father to the covenant
family.
He is not a Lord.
Towrah is not to be obeyed.
It is to be observed.
It is to be listened to.
It provides instructions.
So Paul's premise is that the Towrah is
like the Lord and master ruling over the
man for however long and whatever degree
he lives.
Wrong.
Just flat out wrong.
Romans seven one.
This is called a straw man.
He has created a mythical construct that
isn't true.
And from the false creation,
he's then going to present an argument.
That means that the argument is fallacious
no matter what he says from this point
on, because he has erected a straw man.
Now, the Romans were hardly ignorant,
but since they knew almost nothing about
the Towrah,
they were susceptible to what may be one
of the most twisted and disingenuous
arguments ever perpetrated.
Here,
Paul is claiming that he is an expert
on the Towrah,
telling the Romans that he knows and
understands it.
And I am assured, absolutely for certain,
that Paul did not.
But rather than revealing what it actually
says,
Paul speaks of the Towrah being akin to
a Lord and master.
That would be the antithesis of what God
says in the first statement he etched in
stone.
So for Paul to be right, God lied.
If God lied, Paul cannot be right.
Really that simple.
There is no way with this argument that
Christianity prevails.
The straw man, however,
bears no correlation with the truth.
There is no association between the Towrah
teaching and guidance and the mannerisms
of Satan, who is the Lord.
Moreover,
the Towrah emasculates the children of the
covenant, emancipates, not emancipates,
that is to free.
It liberates the children of the Towrah
from slavery, from being oppressed,
by the human religious and political
institution.
The very core of the Towrah is it
begins in Bare’syth Genesis talking about
the events of creation, which, by the way,
are exceedingly accurate,
including the six days,
because from the perspective of a creator
at the point of creation,
six twenty four hour days is fourteen
billion years.
They are one in the same.
You can do the math.
I've done it for you.
And the
in the beginning book of Yada Yahowah,
the first book of the Yada Yahowah series.
Then it goes into the conditions
experienced in the garden.
I've done a series of shows on them
recently.
I've written two books on that subject
here recently, or writing the second one,
but have published the first.
One of the great lessons that can be
learned about the purpose of our life here
is in the garden story.
It then progresses from there and talks
about the flood,
which is a story that I have detailed
to a great extent,
showing scientifically that it happened
exactly when and where God said.
with an upwelling of deep seawater.
And I traced the Burkle impact crater
incident all the way up through
Mesopotamia,
through the area of the Black Sea,
and then out through the Bosporus Straits
at the time that God says that it
took place and for the reason that he
said it took place.
And then we go to the story that
dominates the rest of the book of
Bare’syth, the first book of the covenant,
which is the narrative on the covenant,
which I have written three books to
explain the terms and conditions of the
covenant, should you wish to know them.
But as we go to the rest of
the Towrah, it is all a single story.
From the book of Shemowth,
which means names,
has been corrupted to Exodus.
To Leviticus, which is actually Qara,
it means to call out.
From Dabarym,
which has been changed to Numbers.
And to Dabarym, which means words,
which has been corrupted to Deuteronomy.
The entire story is the story of the
Exodus.
of Yahowah liberating his people from
Mitsraym and bringing them to the
promised land and all of the lessons that
we can learn along the way.
So the entire Towrah is based upon telling
the story of what happened in the garden,
how Noah and the eight around him,
including himself,
were saved by following Yahowah's
instructions during the flood,
why the flood even occurred.
And the narrative that brings us back to
the garden and to a relationship with
Yahowah through the covenant, the Beryth,
through his relationship with Abraham and
Sarah.
That's the Bare’syth.
And from there,
everything revolves around Yahowah
introducing himself to Moshe,
them going into Mitsraym,
liberating the children of Israel from the
mastery and lordship of the Pharaoh,
and then directing them to the promised
land.
There are no laws, none.
It's all about liberation.
So Paul's straw man is the antithesis.
of what's true.
So it is a liberating document from our
Heavenly Father.
He does not function,
nor does it function as a Lord.
Further, it's a thing, a written message.
The Towrah cannot oppress.
It's Yahowah's revelation to us.
So it's a thing.
It's a book.
A book doesn't oppress.
So he is creating this straw man by
turning the Towrah into a person.
The Towrah is not a person.
It's words on a page.
You can listen to them.
You can learn from them.
You can act upon them.
You can benefit from them.
Or you can repudiate them.
That's your choice.
But the Towrah is not a person.
It is not a Lord.
It's a presentation of words.
Therefore,
Paul's premise is wholly invalid.
Any conclusion drawn from a false premise
is totally and completely worthless.
Had this been an actual debate,
Paul would have lost already around anyone
who is informed, rational,
and understands the rules of rhetoric.
Informed,
rational people who understand the rules
of rhetoric are about one in a million
today.
Undaunted by the truth,
Sha'uwl Paul continued to reveal why Yahowah
called him the plague of death,
which he did in the book of
Chabaquwq.
To explain, Paul wrote, under the male,
a woman to a living man is bound,
restricted and imprisoned in the Towrah.
No, she's not.
Now, Paul's,
this is the nature of a hypocrite.
Paul wrote that men lord over their wives.
So in the New Testament that Paul wrote,
this is true,
that women live in subjugation to men in
Paul's writings.
In the Towrah, there is no such thing.
There is no subjugation or lording over
women in the Towrah.
Women have the same rights that men do.
So this is an absolute lie.
Religions oppress women.
And they do so because religions are
promoted by getting men to go along with
them.
And men like to oppress women.
Well, the kind of men that will, well,
act like ice, like to oppress women.
Some of them will even call you a
bitch and shoot you to your face.
Yep.
How far we've fallen.
Oh, how far we have fallen.
So the fact is that this is a
second lie.
The male does not have,
as a living man,
does not have a woman bound to him.
There are no restrictions in marriage.
There is no marriage vows.
There is nothing in the Towrah that would
bind a woman to a man.
There is in the Talmud.
There is in the New Testament.
And there sure as hell is all over
the Quran.
Those are religious documents in the
Towrah.
No restrictions, no being bound,
no imprisonment in the Towrah or to the
man.
None.
The second statement after the straw man
fallacy is completely fraudulent.
The opposite of what's true.
Now,
this is the way I went about disproving
Paul and the Christian New Testament.
There is no argument that can be made
against what I have just shared with you.
other than, well, I don't like it,
so you're a meanie,
so I'm going to call you Satan.
That argument's called ad hominem.
And they will,
sometimes they will go to argumentum by
distraction,
which is another fallacy that, okay,
we'll change the subject and I'll pick on
another issue.
And then I'll disprove that issue.
And then they'll say, well,
we'll switch off that issue and we'll go
to another issue.
It's like swatting mosquitoes and a newt
is caught on a colony.
It doesn't do you any good.
But if the man should die,
it provides release from the Towrah of the
man.
Huh?
I mean, this is so badly written.
You begin with a straw man that is
the antithesis of what's true.
With the Towrah being,
getting metamorphosed and personified such
that it's a Lord and with human nature.
The opposite of what the Towrah is.
And then we have, according to Paul,
a woman being bound to and controlled by
a man in the Towrah so long as
he lives when there is nothing of the
sort.
Nothing.
It is a complete and utter lie.
And then we go to,
but if a man who should die,
it provides release from the Towrah of the
man.
The Towrah is not of the man.
The death of a man doesn't provide release
from that which you are not bound.
The Towrah doesn't bind anyone.
You can listen to it and act upon
it, or you can reject it.
Those are your choices.
You can ignore it.
You can reject it.
You can come to know it and act
upon it.
They have three options with the Towrah.
But none of those options with the Towrah
creates a release from it upon death.
You're not released from the Towrah upon
death because the Towrah doesn't control
you in life.
It provides directions for you in life.
If you follow those directions,
you will have a release from your physical
body and a release from death,
but you won't die because of the Towrah.
Now,
you can inflict not so much death as
eternal separation from God based upon
what the Towrah says.
If you are like Paul and you contradict
the Towrah, if you demean the Towrah,
if you misrepresent the Towrah and
therefore lead people to their demise,
become a spiritual murder like Paul was,
then there is a consequence of doing that.
And the very instructions of the Towrah
will cause your soul to be sent to
Sheowl forever.
That's what's happened with Paul.
Now, there is no binding to the Towrah.
You either observe it, you neglect it,
or you oppose it.
If you're a Christian, if you're a Muslim,
if you're a practitioner of Judaism,
you're opposing it.
Judaism,
they rebel in what the rabbis say,
and in the Talmud,
they dress the Towrah up like a whore.
And they don't want to admit that in
the Towrah,
they're presented as obnoxious and that
God hates religion.
So it is religion that binds.
And in this case,
Paul is actually going to bind Christians
to the edicts of their government.
It is religion that binds.
Religion is actually from the Latin word
that means to rebind.
So he is projecting his own faults
on God's instructions.
Now, if the Towrah was this way,
then God would be mean.
Then God would be a liar.
So why would anyone believe Paul if he
says, which he did,
that he was authorized by the God who
was the meanie who lied?
Because God says,
if you observe and listen to his Towrah
instructions,
you get to live with him forever.
So why would anyone believe this?
So anyway, I'll read this again.
But if the man should die.
Now I'm translating this literally from
the oldest extant text of Paul's letter.
Every one of these words,
and in the book,
I also go so far as to provide
four other translations.
This translation I'm reading to you has
got each of the Greek words so you
can put them into a search engine,
verify them for yourself and be certain
that the translation is accurate.
But it is an amplified translation based
upon each word and the order the words
were laid out with a precisely accurate
and literal definition.
So he said,
but if the man should die,
Now, by the way, should die,
if the man should die.
Can you tell me a man that didn't
die?
Well,
Enoch and Elijah were taken while still
alive, but Dowd,
in the end of his first life,
he died.
Now, his soul didn't, body did.
So it is possible to have your soul
live beyond the existence of your physical
body,
but everyone has a physical body that dies
with the exception of, well,
two individuals thus far were spared that,
one of which will endure it going forward,
which is Elijah, but that's another story.
So if the man should die, okay,
all men die.
So why don't you just say when the
man dies?
It provides release from the Towrah of the
man.
There is no Towrah of the man,
and it does not provide release of
anything.
If the man dies, of course,
the woman is released from the marriage,
but there is no marriage contract.
There's no specification of what marriage
is in the Towrah, none.
So what is she released from?
She's released from the man,
but she's not released from the Towrah of
the man because the Towrah is not of
the man,
and the Towrah has nothing to do with
the two of them being together.
Romans seven, two.
Ironically, it is Paul's letters,
which subject, of course, women to men.
The Towrah says no such thing.
So this,
the preamble of Paul's argument is not
only untrue, he knows that it is invalid.
He knows that he's lying.
Therefore, Paul was, as I would say,
deceiving when he set up this argument to
explain how he claims we have been
released from the old written system of
the Towrah.
But by considering his orbit to overture,
we are witnessing just how devious and
convoluted
a misguided man's arguments can become.
This is really the darkest side of
humanity.
This is like Satan having a conversation
with Chawah.
That's what this is.
As a result, then,
according to the man living,
an adulteress, she will be considered.
if she may come to be with another
man.
That's a recipe for disaster.
You're teaching people so contradictory
statements.
As a result then,
what do you say as a result then,
and so far you've postulated a straw man
based upon that which isn't even remotely
accurate, the opposite of what's true,
and then you've made a false statement.
You can't say as a result then.
You're leading from manure into a
cesspool.
According to the man living.
Now, he just had the man die.
So how can this be a logical argument
if he's just had the man die,
but now he's got the man living?
An adulteress she is considered if she may
come to be with another man.
No, if her man were to die,
she can be with another man.
Absolutely unequivocally.
Why would Paul say the opposite of that?
If her man were to die,
she can be with a living man.
Now, she can't be with a dead man.
She can't be with her man that has
died because that would be necrophilia
bad.
Don't do that.
But she can be with another man.
So this is not true.
Moreover, when Yahowah speaks of adultery,
he is almost never speaking about sexual
relations.
He's using this concept of sexual
relations because it's
clear to us,
it's a wonderful metaphor for us to grasp
what he experiences when his people are
disloyal to him and unfaithful to him.
That's the whole story of Howsha,
when Yahowah says,
I want you to marry a religious
prostitute, a religious whore,
so that you understand the kind of
infidelity that I have been dealing with
all of this time and why I'm divorcing
myself of Israel because of their
religious infidelity.
not sexual infidelity.
God's not having sex with these people.
And so when he describes the consequence
of adultery,
he is speaking of cheating on him through
religious gods.
Anyway, so the result,
and according with a man living,
an adulteress she will become if she may
come to be with another man.
Absolutely false.
If the man is dead,
she can be with another man.
But
If the man might die,
she is free from the Towrah.
Her not being an adulteress may bring me
being with another man.
OK.
I guess this is circular reasoning here.
The man dies.
She is free of the Towrah of the
man.
There is no Towrah of the man.
And the Towrah does not control.
So double fallacy there.
But if the man lives,
then she is an adulteress.
But how would she be an adulteress if
the man lived?
Because he just said that the man dies.
But now if the man might die,
then she is free.
Well, we've...
She's not free of the Towrah.
She's free of the man if he dies.
She can be free of the man by
divorcing him too if he wants to,
but she is absolutely free of the man
if he dies.
Pretty straightforward on that one, pal.
But she's not free of the Towrah if
her man dies.
The Towrah and her husband have...
no correlation the Towrah is a is a
book of words of instructions from god a
husband is a person the life or death
of a husband has nothing to do with
the ongoing validity of the words inspired
by god to provide us guidance these are
unrelated things
You might as well be talking about garden
slugs and stars in the sky.
Completely unrelated.
So this is an argument by delusion.
Now that makes sense.
She is not an adulteress if her man
dies.
By the way, she may be,
because who knows what she was doing
before her man died.
But the fact that he's dead does not
make her one thing or another.
And it has no correlation to the Towrah.
Okay, that was Romans seven, three.
This is exhausting.
And once again,
after mischaracterizing the Towrah,
Paul is negating reason.
The woman's relationship to the Towrah is
unchanged by her husband's life or her
husband's death.
If I were to die, for example,
while my wife would be free of me,
I don't think she would like that.
I think we have a wonderful,
loving relationship.
But she would be free of me,
at least until we meet again.
But she would not be released from the
American judicial system, unfortunately,
either.
Just put it in perspective.
We can go one step further.
If someone were to try to kill me,
good luck with that.
But if someone were to try to kill
me,
they are not released from the US judicial
system as it's reflected here in this
territory in the US Virgin Islands.
You will be prosecuted for trying to kill
me.
So killing me does not release you from
the law.
And my death would not free my wife.
from being Towrah observant.
She was Towrah observant before I met her,
she's still Towrah observant.
She's more Towrah observant and my
departure would not make her any less
Towrah observant.
And the Towrah liberates her,
it doesn't constrain her.
The constitution of the United States is
unaltered by my demise as would be my
widow's rights under it.
Whatever right she has in America upon my
passing, she would retain.
They don't go away because I'm gone.
The only reason that the widow would not
be considered an adulteress for being with
another man is that she is no longer
married.
You aren't married if your husband died.
Were you married?
Yes.
Are you married now?
No.
What is the definition of marriage in the
Towrah?
Spending time with a man for the purpose
of raising a family.
So she's free of the man,
so she's divorced.
Just like Yahowah divorced Israel,
pretty simple.
He is pandering.
After being illogical,
he is now pandering to the Romans he
served.
So as a result,
we have another so as a result after
this litany of fabrications.
I tell you a lie,
I tell you another lie,
I tell you yet another lie,
and as a result of my lies,
so as a result, brothers.
Also, you were put to death.
He's talking to the zombies.
This is, by the way, Paul's Magnus opus.
This is Paul's greatest letter,
is the letter to the Romans.
And the religious spend thousands of hours
trying to explain this.
Oh, studying this letter.
And here is Paul in the thirteenth chapter
of his greatest letter,
his letter to the Romans.
And he's just telling you that you were
put to death.
Okay.
You were put to death in the Towrah.
The Romans don't even know the Towrah.
How can they have been put to death
in the Towrah?
And if they were dead,
they couldn't listen to it.
You were put to death in the Towrah
by way of the body of the Christu.
Okay, Christu never existed.
Never.
And the body of Christu is absolutely
irrelevant.
The body of the Passover lamb,
who happens to be Dowd David,
the very son of God and the actual
Messiah, the Mashyach, not the Christian,
served to fulfill Pesach by opening the
doorway to life.
Fulfilling Pesach,
which Dowd did in thirty three CE when
he was crucified by the Romans,
as he foretold in the twenty second psalm.
When he fulfilled Pesach,
he was fulfilling the Towrah.
So you are not liberated from the Towrah,
Your soul is liberated from death because
Dowd enabled the promise of the Towrah when
he offered his useless body,
body that was a Basar,
had no value other than to serve this
purpose.
He doesn't care about his body.
He cares about his soul.
God protected his soul.
So the argument that is being made here
is that a misnomer that robs Dowd of
what he achieved is being credited for
killing you through the Towrah through his
body now if in fact we're going to
say that there was something done on a
crucifixion on passover first of all it
was by dote
But second of all,
it does not kill you.
It is the opposite of that.
Rather than being put to death by the
Towrah through the fulfillment of Pesach,
when the body of the sacrificial lamb
dies, it does the opposite.
It opens the doorway to life.
The exact opposite of what Paul just said
is true.
If you are a Christian,
Throw away the New Testament now.
Disown Paul.
It is all based upon a lie.
There was no Christu.
There was a Down.
He fulfilled Passover.
By fulfilling Passover,
he did not bring death.
He brought life.
That is the entire purpose.
Passover opens the door of life.
Simple.
the children of Israel in Mitsraym,
when the Pharaoh would not release them
after nine plagues, Yahowah says,
all right, I got one that'll work.
You want to continue to play this game?
I've got all day.
No problem.
We're going to have the lesson of Pesach.
And the lesson of Pesach is,
is since you've tried to take the life
of my firstborn, the children of Israel,
my child,
I will take the life of your firstborn.
That'll be the lesson.
So, children of Israel,
if you observe the instructions that I'm
providing you now on Pesach,
and you do as I ask,
and you make the sacrifice of the lamb,
which, by the way,
It's a wonderful meal.
You're going to have a lovely meal roasted
over the fire.
Enjoy the meal.
And by the way,
when the meal is over,
incinerate the rest of it because there is
no bodily resurrection of the Passover
lamb.
The remains of the body are incinerated
that night.
So if your Passover lamb is bodily
resurrected, he is not Towrah observant.
He's not
fulfilling the Towrah he is a lie anyway
god says do that and guess what will
happen you'll live you'll live it's the
doorway to life it's the opposite of what
Paul claimed you were put to death in
the Towrah by way of the body of
the christian no when Down fulfilled Pesach
He opened the doorway to life.
So every word of this is a lie.
Unto you all become of another to the
dead,
having been awakened and arising in order
to bear fruit of the God.
I'll read that whole thing just without
all of the interruptions so that it's not
me who sounds stupid,
but Paul who sounds stupid because I think
that's fair.
So as a result, brothers of mine,
also you all were put to death in
the Towrah by way of the body of
the Christu.
Into you all become of another.
to the dead having been awakened and
arising in order to bear fruit of the
God.
He is touting this notion that you bear
fruit if you die and that there is
a bodily resurrection.
No.
If you die,
die and you are a physical being again,
you have destroyed any chance of ever
being in God's presence,
ever leaving this earth,
ever being immortal,
ever exploring the universe, any of it.
And the fruit happens to be the fruit
of the tree of knowledge and the fruit
of the tree of lives.
Ets HaDa’at, who is the tree of knowledge.
It is Dowd who is the tree of
lives.
And the ultimate fruit is what is
delivered on Bikuwrym.
Paul never mentioned Matsah or Bikuwrym.
Pesach, death of the body,
which provides life, not death.
to those who are observant,
is only the first day of the seven
days of Chag Matsah.
And it is on Matsah where Dowd's nephesh
soul carried our guilt into Sheowl so that
we could become first fruit on Bikuwrym,
the very children of God.
Shabuwah, which
Paul and Christians,
misappropriated as Pentecost and the birth
of their God-forsaken church,
is a harvest,
and it is the second bearing of fruit.
The third is on Taruwah.
Those are the three harvests.
Those are the three times you bear fruit.
And according to God,
he has an Adamah Parah,
which is a man who is the bloody
man of the earth who as a bull
bears fruit.
He has three Zarowa.
Zarowa is from Zerah, seed,
which are sown and cultivated to produce a
productive harvest.
Paul ain't one of them.
You don't bear fruit by dying.
You don't bear fruit by being separated
from the Towrah.
Christu never existed.
And Passover doesn't kill.
It provides life.
Everything wrong once again.
Now this is a leap.
out of irrational ignorance into mind
numbing stupidity.
There is no correlation between the
widow's husband dying and the Romans being
put to death.
And while the Romans murdered hundreds of
thousands of Towrah observant Jews,
very few Romans were killed because of the
Towrah and none in Paul's audience.
Dowds Basar, corporeal body,
serving as the Passover lamb,
upheld and affirmed the Towrah so that we
might live.
Therefore,
to suggest that the fulfillment of
Passover equates to the death of the Towrah
is a non sequitur.
It does not follow.
For when we were in the flesh,
the suffering and misfortune of being
evil, offensive,
and errant was the result of the Towrah
operating and functioning in our bodies to
bear the fruit of death.
That's self-contradicting.
You piece of worm rot.
You disgusting retrobate.
I despise Paul with every emotion and
sense of intellect I can muster.
He just said that the Towrah kills.
For you out there who believe that this
man spoke for God,
that he delivered the inerrant word of
God, that he spoke for your God-man Jesus,
you're out of your ever-loving minds.
This is a retrobate.
This is the plague of death.
This is the most evil man who ever
lived.
He is absolutely lying to you,
and it's easy to prove.
Every word of this is untrue.
and he is promoting Gnosticism.
If you're not familiar with Gnosticism,
you should be,
because Pauline Christianity is based upon
Gnostic doctrine.
The Gnostics believed,
now these are Greeks,
and he's speaking to Romans and Greeks,
and the Romans encapsulated most of Greek
philosophy and religious notions.
The Greek philosophers were all wrong in
their pursuit,
not only of pagan religious myths,
and they all were wrapped up in pagan
religious myths,
but in their promotion of Gnosticism.
It is synonymous with Greek philosophy.
And Gnosticism, the real world is bad.
The flesh, the real world, no, bad, bad.
There's an imaginary world out there
that's good.
So this spiritual world of make-believe,
it's good.
Real world, bad.
Now,
the reason that people who are empowered
come up with that kind of lie is
because they want to control you in the
real world.
And they say, okay,
I know your life is miserable.
It's just really terrible,
but not to worry because there's a world
to come where it's going to be wonderful.
That's the lie of Christianity.
It's the lie of Islam.
It's the lie of Judaism.
It's the lie of religion.
They want to control people in the here
and now.
They want to plunder them of their
freedoms and their prosperity.
And so they say, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah,
your life in the physical realm is
terrible, but oh,
got promises of a wonderful life to come.
And people buy it.
And that's Gnosticism.
And the reason that Paul chose Gnosticism
to pursue,
not only because it would appeal to the
Greeks and the Romans,
because Paul hated circumcision.
Circumcision is the sign of the covenant.
If a man's not circumcised,
he cannot participate in Passover.
And if you can't participate in Passover,
then your life ends when your life ends.
There is no life after this life for
any man that does not participate in
Passover.
But if you don't participate in Matsah,
which Paul never spoke of,
and that's the more important of the two
days,
if you don't participate in Matsah and
accept what it represents,
then you're still slathered with religious
guilt, which means you now are immortal,
but forever separated from God.
And that place is called Sheowl.
It's a black hole akin to hell.
That's what he's promoting here.
So when we were in the flesh,
we were in the flesh,
what do you think he is now?
Still in the flesh.
Absolutely.
Suffering and the misfortune of being
evil, offensive, and errant.
He is, by the way, still offensive, evil,
and errant.
As a result of the Towrah.
Now,
Paul would actually go as far as to
say that I'm a sexual deviant,
but I would not know that I was
a sexual deviant if not for the Towrah.
So it's the Towrah that makes me a
sexual deviant.
This is such a horrible man.
Read again the conclusion of Second
Corinthians.
That
goad, that thorn in his side,
it's a messenger,
therefore a demon from Satan to control
him.
He admits it.
He was demon-possessed.
He is evil.
He is offensive.
This is what God calls him throughout the
Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
Evil, offensive, errant,
the father of lies.
But he wants to blame being...
miserable, misfortunate, afflicted,
uncontrolled,
having uncontrolled impulses and sexual
desires, being errant and misled,
being sinful and wrong as a result of
the Towrah operating within us.
If the Towrah is those things,
then God is one mean son of a
bitch.
Why?
I guess he would be a bastard.
I don't know.
He can't be a bastard because he wasn't
born.
All right.
He's meaner, meaner.
If the Towrah operating inside of us is
meaner, meaner,
then God has to be super meaner, meaner.
Why?
What did he write in the thirty-first
chapter of Yirma'Yah?
Jeremiah.
He was speaking to Yisrael and Yahuwdym.
And he says, with Yisrael and Yahuwdym,
I am going to,
that would be Jews and Israel,
not a church, not Gowym.
He said, I'm going to renew and restore,
reaffirm my one and only covenant.
I'm not gonna create a new one.
I'm gonna restore and reaffirm it.
And he then says that it won't be
exactly like
the experience during the exodus when he
says I led you with a firm uncom
uncompromising hand resolute hand that's
the only difference why did god have to
lead the children of Israel with a chazak
yad because they were ignorant they were
religious they were obnoxious
They didn't know Yahowah.
They had no interest in him.
He made a promise to Abraham that things
would work out a certain way.
And the only way for that to happen,
since the children of Israel were
experiencing genocide under Pharaoh,
being worked to death,
and they were the victims of apartheid and
genocide there in Mitsraym,
they wouldn't even have existed.
And so Yahowah liberated them,
but he took them kicking and screaming
with a firm hand, resolute,
uncompromising.
When he says, when I renew my Towrah,
the one difference will be,
I'm not going to take you kicking and
screaming.
You're going to come of your own free
will or not at all.
And then what does he say he's going
to do?
He's going to write his Towrah in our
hearts.
He's going to write his Towrah inside of
us.
So Yahowah is on record and the only
place that even hints at a New Testament
of saying that he's gonna resolve the
problem of man when he reaffirms his Towrah
and his covenant by writing his Towrah
inside of us.
Now,
wouldn't that just take you back to the
opposite of what Paul claims?
Paul's claim that I did a Towrah-ectomy,
I removed the Towrah from you and you're
healed.
All we had to do is cut out
the Towrah like it was a cancer and
you're healed.
And Yahowah was saying, you're really sick.
So I'm going to cure you by inserting
my Towrah inside of you.
That's what Yahowah says.
You can read it in the thirty-first
chapter of Jeremiah.
And this is what Paul says in the
thirteenth chapter of his book to the
Romans.
They are the opposite.
Paul is saying the Towrah is the
malignancy.
you must have extracted from you to live
and god is saying the Towrah is the
remedy that when put into you will cause
you to live so I’m going to leave
it there we will return to this in
our next program because I think it is
one of the most interesting ways to show
just how faulty how irrational
how nasty the central book of the New
Testament is.
I mean,
it's no book in the New Testament more
important than Romans.
And I want you to know just how
offensive this book is to God,
to our intelligence, to logic.
And if you're a Christian,
you have nothing to argue in favor of
here.
Everything Paul says is a lie.
Everything you believe as a result of what
Paul lied makes God a liar,
if it were true.
And by calling God a liar for saying
that his Towrah is the sickness that needs
to be removed,
as opposed to the cure of our sickness,
then you have proven that you can't be
trusted.
And that is the case with Paul.
He is the single most hated person and
all of the human experience up to this
very moment in time where Donald Trump is
now surpassing Paul as the most
reprehensible human to have ever lived.
That is where we are.
So I thank you for being here.
I love being in the rainbow studio.
I hope you've enjoyed this program.
I know I get pretty animated here,
but there's a good reason.
Once you know the truth,
And you know that two point five billion
people have been beguiled into a horrible
lie and that it is exceedingly easy to
disprove the lie and that this lie isn't
just an ordinary lie like Trump saying,
I'm going to solve the US economy by
imposing more tariffs or Venezuela stole
our oil,
so I'm going to go take it back.
Or if we don't take Greenland,
the Chinese and the Russians are going to
take Greenland.
Or I'm going to turn Gaza into resorts.
Or I'm not in the Epstein files.
It's all a hoax.
We're not talking about a lie of that
nature.
What we're talking about here is
corrupting what Yahowah said about his
beloved son, Dowd.
and what Dowd accomplished by lies that
not only preclude people from benefiting
from Dowd's sacrifice,
but that annul God's testimony to humanity
such that for thousands of years,
no one benefited from anything God had to
say.
That's quite a lie.
That's Christianity.
Thank you for listening.